So again, in the norming study
you may see one single picture,
a complex scene where I would
ask you to take between three
and five minutes to describe
what you see and what is
happening.
Yeah, let me get my watch
here.
And I will let you know when
it's about 3 minutes.
As you go through your
description.
Here's this item here.
#START_airport OK, so we're
looking at a where's Waldo Scene
of the airport. So we're looking
at airplanes and many, many
people lined up. Some look like
they're lined up to leave
luggage to check their luggage
or their trip.
Some people are going through
the security line to have their
clothing looked at and I see one
man looks like he has knives
inside his coat, so I'm not sure
what's going on there. I do see
luggage being taken on to a it
looks like a luggage.
Graph type of situation. Some
people in the airport are coming
and some people are leaving. So
we have an airplane. It looks
like people are coming off of
the airplane and people are
working for the airline and
taking luggage and bringing them
to the airport so that people
can collect their luggage. We
have it looks like lots of
little planes and large planes
in this at this airport and
buses.
Various buses doing different
things. Some buses are bringing
gas to the air airplane, some
are bringing food to the
airplane. I see also some air
airplanes that have taken off
already and that are in the sky
and we have various ones. In
this picture we actually have a
dirigible which is fascinating.
And we have again small planes
and large planes in the air. We
have a hot air balloon in the
background we have.
So many people, let's see, we
actually have elephants getting
on a plane. That's a fascinating
thing going on in the
background. Ohh, let's see.
We've got the air traffic
control tower and the people
working in the tower directing
the flights.
It looks like we have a
spaceship off in the corner.
And people getting on buses to
be transported to other places.
We also have see, I'm looking
around here. There's so much to
see in this. Where's Waldo
picture we have. It looks like
some people are.
Jumping out of the airplane.
Maybe there is some sort of
emergency going on there.
Unfortunately, it looks like
they're getting hurt jumping off
the plane instead of getting off
of some sort of.
The strip, but they're just
falling out of the plane, so I
have no idea what that's all
about. It looks like there's a
fire truck that's spreading
water on some people. Again,
there's some weird things going
on in this situation. It's not.
I don't believe this is a
typical airport situation
because a lot of people are
standing on the tarmac and in
this day and age that is not
usually what happens at an
airport. You're usually going
down.
jetway to get onto
the plane. #END_airport  Yeah, that was about
3 minutes. OK, I think that's it
for me then for this one. OK,
great. So moving on to the next
one, again, it's a complex scene
and you can start when you're
ready.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo This
is a scene at the zoo.
And we are looking at a lot of
people visiting the zoo today
and a lot of animals at the zoo.
We have a giraffe, we have a
rhinoceros, we have a lion.
We have zebras, we have pink
flamingos, probably some animals
that I don't even know what they
are exactly. I see some polar
bears in the background here. I
don't know if these are ocelots.
I see something with a striped
tail and I'm not sure exactly
what those are. And the people
are walking all around and
looking at things like Peacocks.
And also it looks like some
people are running from the
rhinoceros, so something has
gotten.
lose looks like and there is a
snake there too. And let's see
what else is in the background.
I see an Anteater, an antelope.
I see a warthog.
I see some people feeding the
animals and I see some people
sitting on a bench and some
people shopping and there's a
little cafe. There is an ice
cream booth where you can get
some ice cream. I see a some
workers at the zoo. One has a
net.
And it looks like one has a
camera.
And let's see, what else do I
see here? Just a lot of people
just looking all around. It
looks like some Gophers coming
out of a hole. I see an insect
of some sort.
And.
Let's see.
I see a man selling hot dogs and
people lining up to get
something to eat there at the
hot dog stand.
I see.
Looks like they're feeding
potato chips. Yeah to the
antelope, but I'm not sure that
the antelope would like that
very much way in the background.
I see an eagle on top of the
cafe and a couple of other
little birds. Maybe one is a
parrot. I see an owl on top of
the shop.
And a
number of other little birds.
Not clear what those are.
And I think that's about it for
me for this picture. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK, how's my time on that one?
Um, that was almost 3.
Yeah. OK. So the next one.
It's again a complex scene.
#START_ancient_rome OK, this is
fun and games in ancient Rome,
so this is a very unusual
setting for me {and it's very
small, so I have to get very
close to the screen here to see
what's going on. } Yes, it looks
like in ancient Rome the people
have gathered to watch all sorts
of things going on and I have
never seen anything like this,
but some people.
Are.
Carrying a chariot with a horse
on it instead of the opposite,
where you would think the horse
would be carrying them. Horses
actually, on the chariot there
are a number of people fighting
in different ways, some with
swords, some with large sticks
or pitchforks, and there is at
least one chariot where the
horses are taking a man on the
chariot around. This is a big
circle, so there are, there are.
lions in this, I guess it's sort
of an arena with people all
around watching this and
cheering things on. There is so
much going on that I don't even
know how they would focus on
anything. There are leopards,
there are people killing other
people with swords. There are
lions. There is a there is a man
in a little swimming pool. There
is another man pouring water
into a some sort of a bowl.
So many people hitting each
other in this a lots of fighting
going on everywhere in this
arena.
It's hard to even.
Imagine what this would be, that
there would be so many things
going on. It looks like the
Lions have all gathered together
and are making a pyramid so that
they can escape from this arena.
And one is a few of them are
chasing people outside of the
arena.
Let's see. Some people are.
jumping into the arena from
outside, because there's a lion
after them, but then there's
another lion underneath them
getting ready to eat them, it
looks like. And there are so
many looks like there are baby
lions here. Let's see what else
is going on. So many different
things.
One gentleman has fallen off the
chariot and is being dragged by
four horses.
It looks like someone has
punched one person and he has
fallen down on the ground and
lost his shoes.
There are
people jumping in the air. There
are just so many people
fighting. It's unbelievable the
amount of fighting going on in
this arena. #END_ancient_rome
About 3 minutes. OK. I think
that's about it for me. Alright.
Thank you.
He's going on. It's so instead
of 1 complex scenes now we will
have a series of pictures that
tell a story. And it's about
five, I mean eight slides that
you will see. And please take
between 10 and 15 minutes. I'll
let you know when it's about 10
minutes.
#START_arrival_4 OK, we start
with a picture of a man. It
looks like he is washing up and
shaving his face. He's holding a
mirror and a shaver, and he has
shaving cream on his face.
Looks like he's getting ready.
He's buttoning up his vest, he's
tying his shoes. Looks like he
has counting the money that he
has getting ready to go out, and
he's picking.
up a hat to put on he's looking
at a map.
Looks like a map of the city.
Possibly he's opening up the map
and checking it out, and next to
him there is a little creature
and this creature looks looks
like a.
Like a little tiny whale. It's
not. It's not a creature that I
have ever seen before. So this
is an imaginary creature, and it
looks like the man is now
heading out of the house and out
on the city street with the
creature and we're seeing a
scene of the city.
And he's looking at the map and.
In this scene of this imaginary.
City, there is a lot of TiPi
type structures. They they're
pointy on the top and it looks
like there are ships flying
through the air. The man is.
Standing with his little
creature next to a number of
other people. Some of them have
imaginary creatures with them,
and it looks like he's waiting,
possibly at a subway station.
The imaginary creatures are
making friends with each other
as he is standing next to a
woman has who has another
imaginary creature. So his
creature and her creature are
making friends and he's starting
to speak with that woman. It
looks like she's reading a book
while she's waiting and he's
asking her a question about the
map and she is pointing out
something on the map to him. She
is pointing to some sort of
robotic.
creature it almost looks like a
telephone. An old-fashioned
telephone and.
it isn't clear to me what is
going on here, but it looks like
she's dialing the phone like.
Machine and pulling a nod and
something comes out. So maybe
it's a way of buying a ticket.
Possibly. That's what it looks
like. she is pointing to the
ticket and handing the ticket to
the man and.
He is quoting something that
looks like a hand.
And they're looking up into the
air, seeing some flying machines
going by.
It looks like one of the flying
machines is going to stop and
pick them up and he is getting
ready to go on to this.
This method of transportation
and his ticket is being looked
at and the ticket taker is
allowing him to go
He sits down with his creature
and he's sitting next to the
woman that he had met outside
with her creature and they are.
They're talking together and he
is looking into his pocket and
getting something out. It almost
looks like a passport type of
document because it looks like
it has his picture on it.
She is looking at it and she
gets out her document, which
again looks like a.
Some sort of a passport type
document with a picture and.
writing
On the next, it looks like she
is.
Going back in time thinking of
something and she is thinking
possibly of being, I don't know,
if she was in prison. She's
reading a book, and then as
she's reading the book, somebody
grabs her, takes the book and
puts it in a drawer, and it
looks like they're locking her
in. I see a lock and a key, and
it looks like they're locking
her in somewhere, giving her a
shovel, and making her shovel
something that looks like coal,
possibly into a fire. So she's
being given a job.
And shoveling coal into a fire,
possibly. And she also has to.
Get on a ladder, climb up the
ladder and when the looks like
when the top of the furnace gets
clogged, she has to take this.
Some sort of a.
Broom type item and clear out
the top of the furnace. {OK,
ready for the next?}
We then see that there are a
number of these furnaces with
smokestacks and she is looking
over at all of these other
people who are doing basically
the same job as her in this
prison type structure.
She looks very dejected, and she
takes her shovel and it looks
like she's using it to open a
door, possibly to try to escape.
She is opening a drawer and
getting the book out that she
that the guard had taken away
from her and she's running away
with the book and it looks like
she's escaping. The next and the
next scene we see her sitting in
a doorway with the book and we
see a train going along.
In the next scene we see one of
these magical ships flying
through the air, and we're back
to the man and the woman that we
first started talking about with
their imaginary creatures, and
we see what looks like a
conductor possibly telling them
that they are to the destination
that they were going to.
The gentleman says goodbye to
his.
This woman friend and he takes
his imaginary creature and he's
looking up into the air as if he
is in a quandary. And as he
looks out into this imaginary
world, there are it looks like a
city with a.
A giant creature that he's
looking at, and it's not clear
if that is a statue or what that
is, but it's a it's a very
unusual looking city that he's
looking out into.
He walks along in this city with
his pet, and there are a lot of
other people walking along the
street too. It looks like there
are some outside market and
outside marketplace with some
sort of.
Something that they're selling,
not sure what that is.
Vegetable. Is it a creature?
It's not clear. And I see a a
woman.
It looks like she's buying
something. It looks like
somebody is selling fish. He
continues to walk along and he
is looking into what appears to
be some sort of a menu with a
foreign language, and he's
pointing to bread on the menu.
There's also fish, there's an
apple, there is milk and cheese
and possibly a potato on that
menu. He's looking along.
Well, his imaginary creature.
Is checking out a wall of
drawers that have different
things written on them and this
other language and the creature.
His pet is looking at one drawer
which he opens and there it
looks like it almost looks like
a strawberry. Not clear what
that is he was looking at this
book that has a menu of all
these items.
And he picks up this strawberry
looking item.
Uh, there is another man and a
little boy there. The little boy
is holding the item and.
He is saying no, he doesn't want
that. He wants bread.
The other man is telling him to
point at this other drawer.
And he's opening this door and
getting this vegetable out.
And.
The first man that we have
started with in this story is
biting onto this vegetable.
The little boy is holding a
basket and the basket is going
to our first man and the 2nd man
is pointing him in a certain
direction and it looks like he's
welcoming him to do something
{which I'm ready for the next
page.}
And the next page we are looking
at.
I'm going to call him the
salesman. The salesman is
holding something. Again, these
are very imaginary looking
things so it's hard to know what
they are exactly. It looks
almost like a shrimp and the boy
is holding something that looks
like a tube and he they are all
looking very happy. The salesman
is.
Looking at a plant and the
little boy is looking at another
plant that looks like a giant
artichoke.
They are holding all of these
very unusual looking vegetable
items and showing them to our
first man. And the little boy is
taking a bite out of what looks
like a strawberry and our first
man is taking a bite out of some
sort of an unusual vegetable.
And the little boy is giving the
imaginary creature pet something
to eat. And meanwhile in the
basket now we are observing a
number of different vegetable
like.
Unusual.
Thing.
The little boy is telling a
secret to the salesman. The
Salesman has his arm around our
first man and they each have a
basket full of vegetables. Let's
see have you in front of the
picture. Here the little boy is
pointing off in a direction to
his left.
And we are looking at a scene
of, again, this city and some
boats a number of votes and the
three of them.
With the imaginary creature are
walking along.
{OK. So that was about 10
minutes and we'll keep going
here.}
They're walking towards a boat
and the little boy is welcoming
him to a big urn
In the urn there is something
poking out, and as our first man
is looking on, it looks like
it's the tail of a creature
coming out of the urn, and he's
looking.
Surprised and.
The salesman is comforting him
like he doesn't have to be
afraid of this item and oh, it's
it actually looks like it's some
sort of a cat like creature with
a long tail. And the little boy
is hugging onto this little
creature and so it looks like
it's a very friendly creature
and no one has to be afraid. And
this creature can be friends
with the other imaginary
creature so they can play
together and there's some
communication going on here and
the our first man is.
Drawing a picture. He's drawing
a picture of houses and a tail.
And he is showing that to the
salesman, the salesman.
Is looking up
into the sky. #END_arrival_4 OK.
Alright, so that was this part
of the story, OK, right. So then
we can move on to the next
series or graphic novel. Again,
take between 10 and 15 minutes.
But then since it's a shorter
item, it will be around 3
slides. You don't have to
intentionally track it out
either. So just go at your pace
and describe what you see and
what is happening with details.
#START_arrival_2 OK, we start
with.
A scene of three people.
And it looks like they are
waiting.
Yeah, it looks like there are.
A number of other people also
waiting. There are three men and
a woman holding a baby.
There is a man looking down at a
book and writing something.
After he writes.
this He takes a page out of the
box  and he makes it into what
looks like a crane.
Holds the crane up.
And we see him looking off.
He's looking into the air and
there are a number of birds
flying in the air and they are
flying over a ship with a number
of people that are on the ship.
Quite a lot of people all
crammed together on this ship
and it looks like all of them
are looking into the air and
looking at all of these birds
that are flying by.
OK.
So that scene shows the people.
staring off of the ship and
they're looking out over a
harbor that has a number of
boats on it, and there are two
very large it looks like they're
sculptures sitting on ships, and
the sculptures are possibly two
men.
And.
The sculptures have one of the
one of the men as it looks like
a suitcase, a cup and a saucer
and urn and a bowl.
The other one has oh, there's
also a creature sitting on his
arm which is sort of like a
rabbit with a long tail, either
imaginary type creatures. The
man. The the other statute has a
bird on the shoulder of that man
and he also has some sort of a
pot and a teapot and a little
tipi like structure on his boat.
And these boats are next to each
other and there are these two
statue like figures are holding
hands.
You think they're very tall,
tall statues and there's a city
in the background.
The picture from.
The water of how large the boat
is and we're seeing the
beautiful sky in the background
with lots of dark clouds.
There's another ship next to the
it almost looks like an ocean
liner that they are on and we
see some birds flying the next.
The next page shows the people
on the ship, a number of people
together. It looks like a some
sort of a conductor type figure
yelling something out to them
and the boat is.
It looks like it's docking so
they're getting ready to line up
to get off of the boat, and
they're.
They have their
suitcases with them. #END_arrival_2 OK
So was that part of the story?
Moving on, this is a complex
scene.
And again, please take between
three and five minutes to
describe what you see and what
is happening.
#START_waldo_1 OK, here's
another where's Waldo scene, and
it's a very busy place as it
always is with where's Waldo.
This looks like a little town
with a number of buildings and a
number of people all over the
streets doing various things. We
will start with a set of people
that are lined up to purchase
something.
And, uh, looks like somebody is
selling plants.
Uh, let's see. We have people
that are on motorcycles. We have
cars. We have trucks.
We have people on bicycles. We
have people coming out of
manholes. We have a fountain and
someone in a scuba outfit who is
flying on top of the fountain
water. We have a number of
people watching him outside of
the fountain. We have people on
the roof. We have two people
that look like they're fighting
with mops with buckets on their
heads and someone is feeding
pigeons on on that same roof
We have somebody on a ladder and
we have.
This looks like a fireman on top
of a roof and they have hoses
that they are putting out of
fire.
We have a
car
polluting the air with some
smoke coming out of the back of
the car and we have a crossing
guard helping children to come
across the street. It looks like
somebody has fallen off their
bike and it's the doctor's
coming to help them and.
Let's see. Got some people
staring into a window. It looks
like they're staring at a
television. We have a shoe
store, people shopping in the
shoe store. We have somebody
that is working on a vehicle
that looks like there's a lot of
parts of that vehicle that are
outside that is putting, taking
out and putting back in.
we have people at a little cafe
And a waiter is pouring
something into.
A cup.
And I think that's about it for
me. #END_waldo_1
OK, it's like around 2 1/2
minutes.
OK, moving on to the next one.
So we've got a really long one.
This is the longest of all the
items you'll see around 40
something slides.
So just describe what you see.
And even though the the target
time is 10 to 15 minutes, it's
OK to go a little over since
it's the longest one, OK,
right?
#START_wanderer OK, I'm seeing 2
individuals and it looks like
they have a giant piece of paper
and they are holding the paper
up
and the paper is being folded
into what looks like a giant hat
And the two people, one looks
like he's some sort of evil
creature with a horn on his
head, and the other one looks
like a boy.
In the next picture we have a
ship.
A very unusual looking ship.
That looks like it is going on
the ocean towards this hat that
is also.
Floating along on the ocean.
The next picture shows a lot of
seagulls flying over the ocean
and they are the little, I guess
it's not really a hat, it's a
ship that they have folded into.
I mean it looks like a hat that
it's actually a ship that they
have put on to the ocean to
float along and so the seagulls
are flying above it.
And in the next one as the.
as the ship. As the little paper
ship is floating along, we see
some turtles checking it out. We
see a seagull perched on the
side of it.
And then we see what it looks
like, possibly a whale coming
towards it.
And the whale is now holding
this little ship up with its I
don't know if it's a fin or a
fluke, but anyways it is going
well itself is swimming towards
what looks like a coral reef and
there are a number of little
fish swimming around and what
looks like a swordfish also
swimming along numbers of
schools of different types of
fish and.
Different types of coral that
we're going towards.
The little ship is now above the
coral and sort of floating along
on a large school of fish. And
again, there are a number of
different types of schools of
fish, different types of coral,
and it's just a beautiful scene
of.
What what it looks like around a
coral reef with a number of
fish, different types of fish,
different schools of fish.
And we have some kissing fish
down below, and we have.
Hmm.
Again, we're still on, we're
still going along. The coral
reefers, all sorts of creatures.
There are some unusual looking
creature that has a pair of
scissors and there's a lionfish.
And it looks like someone on the
ship, a little boat you should
say, is fishing and trying to
catch a fish. I see a fishing
pole coming off of the little
boat.
As we move along, there is a
seahorse standing on a fish
checking out a little boat. And
we do see some amazing creatures
in the coral, different types of
fish. And let's see, I'm seeing
these fish. Let's see. It looks
like there's an eel. That's.
Going up to check out the little
boat and now there is a sea
horse on the boat going along on
the boat.
floating along with the boat as
a passenger.
Now we are going along and it
looks like we have.
Let's see. The little seahorse
is still on the little boat as
it floats along.
That looks like a forest full of
that looks like sort of a
Flamingo type bird. Many, many
of them in this little forest
and some flowers. As the little
boat is floating along it is
going past this beautiful forest
of unusual plants, trees with
these flamingos all over it.
As we get closer, we can see the
individual leaves on these
plants that are very unusual. It
looks like the roots go down
into the ocean. We see some tall
flower like.
Plants and the fish take all
different types of fish.
That are floating along
underneath the boat.
As the boat goes further into
this magnificent forest.
It looks like there is a path
within that forest that the
water can flow through. We see
some Beautiful Creatures with
lighted eyes, and we see some
birds with glowing eyes also
that are somehow in this forest.
They almost look like dragon
heads, but it's not clear
exactly what they are, but they
are looking.
Into the little boat that still
has the little seahorse floating
along with it, and the seahorse
has a little hat that looks very
much like the boat.
And the little boat continues to
flow along through this
imaginary world. We're seeing
some other unusual creatures.
There's something actually on.
It looks like it's on a lobster
something that is.
Using a lobster to travel on and
there are a number of other
little fish and.
eeel like creatures
In underneath the.
beneath the sea as we go by and
it looks like the seahorse is
looking down onto this creature
that is using the lobster to
transport himself and the
lobster.
Has its antennae poking up water
towards the seahorse.
and I see some other seahorses
too, and it looks like.
The seahorse is going to jump
down off of the little boat to
be with his fellow sea horse
creatures.
Now we see the little boat
flying along and it looks like a
whale like creature. A very
large whale like creature with.
Smoking a pipe and has little
birds.
A light on a light on the top of
the head of the whale as the
little boat flies by and we see
another very unusual looking
creature. And this creature has
has some sort of a.
Antennae can I that has what
looks like a machine that can
View the boat. It's not clear to
me what is going on, but this
creature is very unusual looking
and he's standing what looks on
what looks like a pile of trash
in the ocean.
As we move along.
We get into more and more
mysterious looking creatures.
These creatures look similar to
creatures that we may know of,
like butterflies and cats and
zebras and leopards, but they
are not the ones that we would
normally see elephants with very
strange ears that are ruffled
and.
Horses with spots all over them,
and the little boat is going
along amongst all these
creatures as it continues its
path on the ocean. We see so
many different things. We see
what like looks like a moon in
the sky and a bat flying by.
There's creatures that look like
butterflies in the sky, but
they're not like anything that
we normally would.
Know about the boat continues
onward as the little pet.
flies onto the boat.
Now it's getting dark.
Going along in the night sky, we
see many, many.
Stars in the sky and planets and
we see the moon, a Crescent moon
in underneath the sea. We see a
lot of eyes, a lot of glowing
eyes of different creatures.
And as we continue through this
night ocean scene, we see a lot
of fish poking up through the
ocean with their glowing eyes.
Many, many, many fish. And
they're all poking up looking at
the boat, the little boats.
And the boat continues on and
looks like in the sky there is.
Something like the Aurora
borealis floating all through
the sky and again it's a night
scene. We have some fish jumping
up through the water and going
back down.
And it looks very peaceful.
And now it looks like it's going
by an iceberg in the water.
A very tall iceberg.
And it continues on through what
looks like a number of caves and
mountains, possibly with snow on
them.
Multiple caves that have
archways that the boat can
continue to go sailing through.
As it continues on through these
glacier like and.
A cave like structures.
Something pops up.
Through the ocean and it looks
like it has a light attached and
as we move forward it looks like
there is a creature.
Is that a human creature? It's
hard to know.
But it has eyes.
It's oh gosh, it's hard to even
describe this thing. It is.
Something.
That is like part mechanical.
Part human, part fish, and it's
picking up the boat and shining
a light on the boat. It looks
like it is looking at the boat
to see what it is.
So it's the boat is being picked
up out of the ocean.
Now, in this picture the boat is
that's sailing along the ocean
and it's going towards what
looks like a very tall.
Ocean liner.
Vessel there are some seagulls
flying by.
There is a that looks like a lot
of smoke coming out of the
smokestacks.
Of this ocean liner, there's an
anchor hanging. There's an
anchor hanging out of one of the
little ports on the on the boat,
on the ocean liner, and again,
the creature that we just saw in
the last.
Uh, page still has this little
light coming out of the ocean,
and he looks like he's checking
out the ocean liner with that
little light.
OK.
Now.
We are still sailing along and
there are a number of white
birds flying through the air.
Many many white birds. And we
are still seeing that what looks
like an ocean liner now looks
like it is almost on a pedestal.
3 pedestals in the water.
It looks almost like a castle in
the water and it has a crane and
it looks like there's a whale
hanging off the crane and it has
has a lot of smokestacks and it
looks like they're blowing a lot
of smoke into the air.
Now we see from this ocean
liner, there are a number of
creatures that are shooting.
They are shooting onto our
little boat. They are shooting
onto that other creature that we
spoke about earlier who looks
like a man in a scuba suit. And
there he is on what looks like a
rocket. And the rocket is coming
out of the.
Ocean and it looks like it's
going up towards the air and
there is a life.
Ring being thrown onto the
little boat and the boathouse.
It looks like a hole in it from
the being shot up.
As we go further.
Looks like the man in the scuba
suit is has a rope tied to the
boat and is flying along sailing
along behind the boat and we're
going towards a number of
creatures that we are seeing.
Let's see, it's the original
evil looking man. I don't think
he's evil but he has a horn and
he has got a black tape and he's
all dressed in black and he is
on some sort of a vessel that
has a number of amazing looking
creatures, horses that have
glowing.
Eyes and spots and it looks like
a reindeer with star shapes,
dark dark skin with star light,
star shapes and glowing eyes.
And a creature that looks almost
like a Joker and another
creature that has.
Checks, checks, design, check.
Design all over him. So many
different unusual creatures. A
little cat that is the only
thing that looks somewhat normal
to me. And also there is a kite
there. There is a kite that's
flying off.
On the side.
We're now seeing a giant wave
that looks like a tidal wave and
the boat is flying along.
Inside of this tidal wave and we
see, I'm going to call them the
evil one with a giant paper
airplane. We see two what looks
like little.
Little people hanging on to what
looks like a kite. You see a
cat.
On a tightrope walking towards
the little people on the kite.
And we see these creatures that
I described earlier and.
It seems like the the boat that
they're on sort of looks like a
Nautilus shell that they're
flying along on and we still see
the little the scuba man in the
background.
{And that's what I see on this
page.}
It looks like it's a storm. We
see lightning in the sky, the
boat is flying along, and we see
the paper, what looks like a
paper airplane, flying through
the sky in the night sky.
the little boat, as it goes a
sailing long and the ocean is
coming to what looks like a
number of little. Well, they
look like Donuts. They're not
doughnuts, but somehow they are
little arches that the boat is
sailing through. And the arches
could be.
A long long type of eel. Many,
many, many, many bumps of an eel
that is just entwined in this
ocean setting.
It looks like we're seeing the
head of the eel.
And it looks like it's there's
more than one of these
creatures, and they are looking
at the little boat as it sails
towards them. One of them has a
tall horn on its head.
The boat is sailing along and
the creatures.
Well, there are again, very
unusual looking creatures. They
sort of like they're like like
half whale, half fish, half man,
one of them, and the one seems
to have water that it's spouting
off.
Onto the little boat and the
water is pouring off of the
little boat, and in the next
picture this man, who seems to
be half fish, half man, is
watching the little boat sail by
and he is.
On an island that seems to have
some trash on it some.
Bottles and cans.
Some propellers, some paper.
And it's just watching a little
boat go by and now we're seeing
all sorts of undersea creatures
like jellyfish. They look like a
lot of jellyfish. They're little
boat is sailing along with lots
and lots of types of jellyfish
underneath the water.
And there are enormous amount of
other creatures under there.
There is a school of fish, other
types of creatures of all sorts
that we find in the ocean as the
boat sails on.
And this one.
This boat seems to be picked up
by a submarine.
And as we are.
Looking at the boat picking up,
being picked up by the
submarine, there are a number of
other.
creatures that have lights
coming out of them, possibly
from their eyes, and there is a
number of.
creatures that are on top of the
little.
boat here are three of these
creatures. They look like they
have legs and pointy antennae
all over them. And after that?
They are.
Let's see, the boat had water in
it and it's pouring the water
out as it's as the submarine
picks it up out of the ocean, it
can pour out the water that it
has picked up.
And we see another ship.
And we see what looks like a
giant octopus that looks almost
like it is.
Eating this ship it's not clear
to me, but.
It looks like the ship is in
some danger from this giant
octopus and the boat is
continuing on sailing on.
Now we have some seals that have
seen the boat and they are
playing with it. They have it
tipped on its side with their
little snouts. There are a
number of seals that are
swimming along in the ocean,
some that are outside of the
ocean playing with the little
boat, and they are right next to
what looks like a garden of
ferns in the ocean with some.
Fish in there.
Now I guess the seals have left
the boat. Continue to sail along
and we do see some jellyfish
underneath the ocean, some
beautiful plants, some fish. We
see a man dressed up in a scuba
suit way underneath the ocean
and we see some amazing looking
creatures, eel like creatures
with stripes.
It's not clear what the scuba
man is doing, but he looks like
he's playing with them with the
ball.
There's a lot of amazing plants
in this scene.
As the boat continues on we see
a buoy and a number of
preachers, fantastical looking
creatures hanging on to the buoy
along with the man and the scuba
suit who seemed to be riding
another creature and some sort
of a fish looking creature that
has stripes and a beautiful
tail. The seagulls are a
lighting on top of the buoy and
we are going towards a
lighthouse.
In the background we have a few
ships that are passing by.
Looks like there's somebody on
the little island that has the
lighthouse.
In this frame we see.
An amazing structure that the
boat is passing. It looks like
some sort of a giant bridge.
It's multi, let's see. There are
a number of boats all around,
and it looks like it's some sort
of a docking station for a
number of large boats.
tall sailing ship in the
background we have see a smaller
sailing ship, we see an ocean
liner and again they're
beautiful plants in the ocean
and a number of schools of fish
swimming along.
The little boat is continuing
onward and we see a.
Some sort of a ship that has a
propeller and it's it looks like
it's holding on to a little
sailboat that it can bring with
it. We've got some birds flying
in the air and it looks like we
are going towards a city.
There's a submarine way
underneath.
We are passing a giant ocean
liner that is taking up more
most of this page as it
continues on towards the city.
a giant creature that looks like
a whale. A whale that has water
flowing on it from some sort of
a device that it is encased in.
And we see a little boat with a
little motorboat with three
people on it. We see a buoy and
we see a A a smaller ship and
then a very large ocean liner
and a number of people that
looks like on the dock.
Waiting for the ocean liner to
come. It's not clear to me, but
it looks like they are on a dock
and.
There are some seagulls flying
and the little boat is
continuing onward.
Hmm.
We are now getting closer to the
city, so we're starting to see
some fabulous
constructions.
And there's some cranes, and
there are a number of people
along the side doing various
things, walking up steps, two
people talking. We have ladders
and we have a person inside a
bubble with.
It's a very unusual looking.
mechanical machine that looks
sort of like a seahorse, but
then has a glass bubble on the
top and there's a person inside
of it and it looks like he can
take this into the water,
possibly like some sort of a
submarine.
And we continue onward and we
see the boat going by what looks
like.
Our little boat is going by
another, another little bit
larger boat, of course, than he
is. But there's a dog and
there's a person on. There are
two dogs on the boat that looks
like a sailor. On the boat there
is what looks like a giant net
that is holding.
A giant fish of some sort that
they have caught.
In the net and there are some
seagulls.
Standing on top of.
That creature and there's a
giant. There's a crane that's
holding the net.
It's not clear what they have
caught in this net, but it looks
like a very big type of creature
of some sort, maybe like a
dragon type of creature that
they have gotten out of the
ocean and the little boat
continues on and there is the
rest of the city that we're
going by with buildings and.
see a man that has come down
the steps towards the boat and
there are some seagulls.
Going around in that area.
And looking at a giant.
A picture of the city.
With lots of lights in the
buildings and lots of.
Let's see, creatures. Let's see,
it looks like we have what looks
like a deer. A giant deer. On
top of one of the buildings. We
have a creature that seems to be
flying around with the propeller
and wings and dark skin he looks
like.
Half fish, half man, half who
knows what. And we've got a lot
of towers in the city, a lot of
lights in the city, a bird
flying by, some pigeons looking
onward. As the little boat
continues on through the city,
it looks like a river that goes
through the city.
and again we're seeing some
amazing looking creatures. The
scuba man. We see the Nautilus
boat with the kite and that the
creatures that were on the
Nautilus boat.
The cat and the little. The
little people and.
The reindeer with stars on it
and the the horse that has white
dots on it that what looks like
the evil looking man with the
robe. And again the little boat
is sailing by these these
creatures as it goes through an
archway through the city on this
Little River.
So this scene, it's night and
the boat continues sailing on
and it we're seeing a lot of
stars in the sky and there are a
few boats along.
The river that are quiet now
since it's dark and we see some
fish with glowing eyes looking
onward you see some of the, you
know, lights of the night lamps.
By this Little River has the
boat continues on.
And finally, we see the boat.
Coming to.
Edge of the river to a wall.
And it looks like it's coming to
the wall and preacher a man of
some sort is.
standing with the boat and it's
disappearing and it's going
into.
it's going on to the man And
that's the end.
the man going up the steps with
a picture of the boat on his
chest and we see some feet black
and white feet at the top of the
wall.
Looks like the boat was an
imaginary item that was part of
this.
Person. #END_wanderer
Interesting, yeah.
I'm gonna take a break.
Alright, so for the next item,
it is also a complex scene. And
yeah, go ahead and describe what
you see in the scene and take
between three and five minutes.
#START_by_the_lake OK, we are in
a.
Seems like near the ocean. It's
a beach scene with many, many
people on the beach and in the
water doing all sorts of fun
things. It looks like we have
some people.
Uh, swimming and
We also have people on the beach
building sandcastles.
Playing with.
All sorts of shovels and little.
Trucks and wheels and people are
Jumping off of.
Some sort of a.
Place in the water that they can
sit on and also jump off of.
Let's see. Let me think here.
What have we got going on? We
have.
Some people playing beach
volleyball, some people just
lying on the sand on blankets
and they have their coolers so
that they can get refreshments.
We have someone with a nut and
it looks like he is looking for
things near the edge of the
water and we have see someone
had a cut, they've got a couple
people on a kayak and we have
some people flying kites.
we have some people sitting
around and playing the guitar
and singing.
we've got so many things going
on here because there's a lot of
people in this scene. You have
people far off in the distance,
sitting at a picnic table and
enjoying some food and grilling
some food on a little grill and
they have, it looks like they
have a little house by the water
that they can look out with
binoculars onto what's going on
in the water. We have a number
of people on various types of
boats, all sorts of boats wind
surfing, kayaking.
Let's see far away background.
We have other houses that are
along the coast. One looks
almost like a little castle
along the coast. We have so many
things going on, people swimming
and swimming and swimming and
people on floating items of all
sorts and playing volleyball in
the water. We have someone
fishing off of the dock. We have
a we have a dog.
Near the water there. And we
have what looks like a little
Penguin sitting on the dock, and
it looks like he's fishing. And
let's see so many different
things. People playing with
balls and people just playing
with their their fellow men on
the water. And on the beach. It
looks like somebody does have a
little computer with them. That
seems kind of odd, but that is
something somebody might do. We
have people, there's a trash
can, people putting things in
the trash.
Which is good,
and I think that's it. But it's
it's a definitely a very busy
scene of people doing all sorts
of water sports and water skiing
and windsurfing, all sorts of
things, just enjoying the water
in the summer scene. #END_by_the_lake
3 1/2 minutes. That was good.
Hey, going forward, another
complex scene.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK,
this is another very, very busy
scene and it looks like it has.
Friendly and unfriendly giants
in the scene. It is a scene that
looks like it has a lot of
forest and let's see, a lot of
fields. And these giants are
doing all sorts of things. It
looks like they are playing
chess with people on a chess
board. But it looks like instead
of playing with a game of chess,
they're actually playing with
little people on the chess
board. Let's see, there are.
Let's see.
One giant is going over to what
looks like is a picture of a
maiden that is painted on a big
board and it looks like he's
getting ready to kiss her and it
is some sort of a contraption
that looks like it's going to
hit him on the head when he
actually does kiss her. And we
have one giant walking and as
he's walking he is has a rope
tied around his foot and many,
many people hanging on to that
rope I think they are trying to
capture him
But it's not easy to do because
he's so much bigger than they
are and he is holding 3.
Attached to his belt. And so
maybe they are trying to rescue
those people that he is holding
and we also have a lot of other.
Giants doing other sorts of
things. Let's see, what are they
doing?
See this one giant is blowing
water on a group of people.
Another giant is sucking up
water, it looks like from a pond
and.
The little.
We have, of course we've got the
giants and then we have the
normal sized human beings and it
looks like it's a big.
or trying to fight against these
giants, and it's not easy.
They're doing all sorts of
things. They have swords.
They're gathering on Moss to go
after these giants. It doesn't
seem like it's working that
well, though I must admit they
do have a number of contraptions
that are designed to hit the
giants in the head, and those
seem to be working pretty well.
Let's see so many different.
Let's see, we've got a windmill,
we've got a giant.
When you think something to the
window, it looks like he's
pushing the arms of the windmill
around. He has a stone house in
the background with a lot of
regular sized human beings all
around. They're trying to fight
against the Giants, and the
Giants are coming up against
them and they're being one giant
is being hit with a rock,
another being is being hit with
a large wooden mallet. That
seems to work pretty well as
we've got another giant that
has.
The tiny humans around his waist
and in his hood of his tunic.
Let's see, we've got.
Again, humans are trying to
fight these giants.
It looks
like we have got a number of
these little humans holding a
giant punching bag and they're
punching one of the giants. That
seems to work very well. #END_unfriendly_giants
That scene, that was about 3
minutes. OK, that's good. OK.
Going ahead, we have a story
that's around 20 pages long, so
please take between 10 and 15
minutes and I'll let you know
when we're about 10 minutes in.
#START_quest We are seeing a
scene of a bench next to a light
pole and a trash can, and there
is a statue of a person with
wings, a winged person.
with a It looks like some sort
of a tunic and next in the next
page we have a bicycle with a
purple and a red.
wheel and we have.
Two youngsters, one with a red
crayon and another one with a
purple crayon, and there is a
purple bird.
Sitting on the shoulder of the
young person with the purple
crayon, and he is holding what
looks like a little bird, little
white bird in his hand that's
flying off, and they're standing
under an archway with a door
right next to them, a wooden
door.
Door opens and something like a
king comes out because he has a
crown and he is showing them a
piece of paper that has a circle
with multi colored items.
On it. And they seem alarmed at
this, and they are.
Taken aback.
in the next scene.
The young the young man is
looking at the picture and the
king is.
As this occurs.
Soldiers come out of the door
and grab the king.
And.
The youngsters were astonished
at this.
The king is being taken back
into the door.
And the youngsters are just
watching what is going on.
The door closes and there's a
young a young girl and a young
boy, and they each are looking
at their crayons that they have,
and the purple bird is still on
the sole on the shoulder of the
little boy, and he has the paper
that King has given him wrote up
and he's holding it.
Now what is happening here is it
looks like.
whatever they draw with these
magical crayons can come to
life. So right now they are each
drawing something. They're
drawing keys. So now they have a
purple key and a red key that
they have drawn with their
crayons, and they are taking
these keys and they're opening
the door and going through.
And the purple bird is going
with them and when they get in,
well, the next scene is these
two youngsters are.
Sitting on or standing and
sitting on a rock and they're
looking over a pond towards a
castle and they see the king
being surrounded by guards and
in the this castle was pretty
amazing. It has a lot of
different turrets and there are
flying machines in the air.
And they are sort of sitting
right in front of a waterfall
looking over this scene.
They are looking at this piece
of paper that the king has given
them, which is a map of some
sort, and it has.
Little items drawn on the map
and colored circles. There's a
map with a with the multi
colored circle drawn on it and
each circle there is a little
scene and they're looking at the
scene that that's within the
yellow circle.
As they're looking at this map,
they're also staring at a boat
that's coming towards them that
looks like it has guards on it,
and it looks like they have a
cage. They're holding a bird
cage.
they decide to.
use their magical crayons.
And they draw.
Somethings they draw.
Something that will help them
jump into the water and escape
the guards and it looks like
it's a purple.
Dragon like item that they have
drawn and also some scuba gear
and off they go into the water.
they scuba along with this
purple creature and the bird is
also has some scuba gear on it
so that he can go along with
them and they're looking down in
the water into this golden.
Set of pillars and it is
matching what was on the map
that they looked at.
As they swim down within this
structure.
They are looking at what looks
like an abandoned fountain with
seahorse.
Seahorses around it. Statues of
sea horses make up the fountain,
and they're picking up something
from the top of this fountain
and.
Meanwhile, the guards are
chasing them in the water.
They jump out of the water and
onto this island, which is full
of palm trees and the bird. The
Purple bird is still with them
and now they are drawing
something with their crayons.
They have drawn a rhinoceros
with a type of contraption on
top of the rhinoceros,
rhinoceros that has a roof on it
so that they can ride on the
rhinoceros and off they go onto
this island on a path and
they're they're going, they're
going to go through these two
statues and it looks like there
is a construction that has
stairs on it almost looks like
pyramids.
on this little island.
And then
They see a rope bridge and they
run across it and the bird is
flying along with them. The
purple birds continues to stay
with them as they go across this
bridge.
Aiming towards a tower that they
see in front of them.
But the guards are following
them. The guards are on the rope
bridge too, and they are on top
of the tower, so they use their
magical crayons to continue to
draw things to help them escape.
They have drawn a giant purple
dragonfly with a red swing so
that they can fly into the air
and get away from the guards,
and the purple bird is staying
with them.
The dragonfly.
Brings them to the top of what
looks like a giant pagoda with a
Buddha like structure under.
Underneath it's a purple.
Structure and they jump off.
And they're looking at the
number of crayons that they have
in different colors while
they're on top of this pagoda.
And meanwhile the guards are
still after them. They are on
some flying ships and they are
looking towards them with
Spears.
And they're looking to grasp the
purple bird because they have a
golden cage that they want to
put that bird into.
Now
The Purple Bird has a hold of
the belt that has all the multi
colored crayons and he has.
he has made a
rainbow with all of these colors
and.
The guard seemed to be.
Very upset about this.
With the rainbow.
Has come across from where they
are all the way down to where
the king is, and it has.
Seems to have some magical
powers to.
Keeps the guards from grasping
onto the king and they are
actually flying into the water.
So it seems to have some magical
power.
To hurt the guards.
At this point.
We see the youngsters on the
purple rhinoceros with the king
and the purple bird flying.
behind them, and the rainbow has
lit up the whole city with
color.
At this point.
They are getting off of the
rhinoceros and they are back to
the point where they started
with the waterfall and the rock.
And they are coming through the
door.
And the king.
Is making a crown for both of
them. He is drawing a crown and
he's crowning both of them and
they go back to looks like
they're going to get ready to go
back through the door and the
king is thanking them.
It looks like that's
the end. They have their crowns
and they're looking out into the
city with a giant rainbow, and
they still have their purple
bird and their magical crayons
with them. #END_quest
Took just around 10 minutes,
which is great.
Going on ahead and this is a
complex scene.
OK, we're doing a lot. Another
where's Waldo scene here and.
Let's see. What is this scene?
What is this? This is. It looks
like it's.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
A constructed scene of a space,
bunch of spaceships in one area
and there is a volcano in
another area that I'm seeing
some dinosaurs. So there's some
dinosaurs in this area and
that's either are some other
constructed scenes.
Let's see. We've got some
mummies in one area. We have
what looks like a movie set in
another area, and some zombies
and have all sorts of strange
creatures. One is looks like a
tree that's come alive.
And we have what looks like a
cafeteria type setting where
people are getting things to eat
and we have of course as it all
wears Waldo areas, we have so
many people all over the place
doing all sorts of things. So
let's see. And the volcano, they
looks like there's some Cavemen
that are being shot out of the
top of the volcano, some
pavement are flying down off the
volcano and they're smaller
volcanoes coming off of the
larger volcano we have got.
One caveman with a club that
looks like he's getting ready to
club a red dinosaur. We have a
green dinosaur and some Cavemen
are drawing pictures onto that.
Green dinosaur. He doesn't seem
to mind. He seems happy. Then
there is a pink triceratops, it
looks like. And it looks like
the Cavemen are throwing rings
onto his horns as a game.
And there's a blue dinosaur,
there is a.
Caveman that looks like a
dinosaur. It looks like he's
taken off his head and there's a
dinosaur head underneath, and
there's a pretend red dinosaur
where there's a man inside the
dinosaur taking off the Red
dinosaur head. And it looks
like, again, this is possibly a
big movie set where all kinds of
unusual things are happening.
There's some other Cavemen that
are dreaming of dinosaurs, and
there are dinosaurs dreaming of
female dinosaurs and Cavemen
dreaming of women. Cavemen cave
women, I guess they would be
called. So we've got the whole
dinosaur series going on with
the Cavemen in the one movie
set.
And then we've got the ghouls
and it looks like the zombies
walking around down here in the
bottom.
That the other set and some
mummies. So that looks like it's
going to be a horror movie going
on down there. And we've got the
makeup men working on putting
the makeup on the actors for
this movie and we've got all the
costumes hanging on hangers that
they can put on for the movie.
Let's see, let's move over to
the other side of the screen. We
have got a space.
Spaceships with aliens on them
and also it looks like
astronauts of some sort, or
spacemen.
Hurting other spacemen and
aliens, coming down and making
friends with some of the
spacemen and fighting other
spacemen. And we've got the
cameramen that are doing all of
the movie work here. We've got
all sorts of cameras all over
the place. We have people in
trees. We have people on top of
cranes. We have people eating in
this cafeteria. I don't know if
this is the cafeteria.
where the actors can go to get
something to eat, but there it
looks like they can get pie
there. There are some big pieces
of pie. People are eating all
sorts of items there. Some are
still dressed up in their
costumes from the space setting,
and there's some aliens there,
and there's a Dracula there. So
they have come from all
different areas to get something
to eat. The Cavemen are there
too.
Oh, let's see. What else? I
think that's it for me. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls I think
that's it. There's a lot of
stuff going on in these. Where's
Waldo? I can't believe somebody
has drawn all of this.
Wonder how long it took for
that?
Alright, so then the next one.
#START_make_a_splash OK, we have
another scene of.
Another water scene here and it
looks like a lot of people are
enjoying being in the water. We
have people going on a number of
slides, all kinds of slides
here, flying around in circles
around slides, waiting in line
to get on the slides. Some
people are on inner tubes
floating along in the water. We
have a lot of people just
swimming and enjoying their time
in the water with their friends
we have.
Uh, somebody that has a big
water gun and he is spraying
somebody with a water gun. We
have some people that are laying
out just to get a tan and we
have a giant an elephant that is
spraying water into this area.
And because it has sort of a
path that people can take their
inner tubes along this path and
enjoy, just enjoy floating along
in the water. We have it looks
like we have a lifeguard.
and we have, let's see because
somebody that is snorkeling and
we have one that looks like 1
sea creature that people can.
Ride along on people seem to be
enjoying that we have.
what looks like a dragon that
can shoot water out of its mouth
that people can ride on, and we
have a boat in the background
that people can ride on and not
seeing anything else. I think
that's really about it. People
just enjoying themselves and
spraying water on each other and
there's a Penguin there and
let's see, just doing all sorts
of swimming and enjoying
throwing balls in the air.
They're just
enjoying being in the water in
this in this scene and some are
toweling off, drawing off when
they get out of the water.
I think that's it for this one,
OK. #END_make_a_splash
And go on to the next one. It
is a couple pages. Um.
Just tell me what you see and
what is happening in the story.
#START_arrival_3 OK, we start
with.
A young boy that looks like he
is holding a newspaper under his
arm and it's possible if he's
selling newspapers, although
that's not clear to me. Next to
him we have two women holding a
cat like creature.
And there was a man with.
Part of some sort.
Looks like he has a creature on
a basket with him and he has
like a teapot.
And we have a man and a woman
that are holding what looks like
giant eggs. We have a Barber who
is shaving a man and it looks
like his son, possibly in his
standing behind him waiting. And
he had some creatures that look
like giant snails and smaller
snails. Have a musician who is
playing an instrument that looks
like it has.
It's part accordion and part
trumpet, and another in another
musician.
Playing a violin type instrument
and they are looking at their
music on a stand and there are a
number of birds that are hanging
around on the floor beside them.
There is a group of people
sitting down and they're looking
at.
A book of some sort and one
woman is doing some handwork.
While, another young person is
holding on to a pet.
and two people were in the
background and there is some.
There are some wording on the on
the wall, but it's not clear to
me what it says, what language
it is, and we see a man.
Looking like he is in a quandary
and he's holding a suitcase.
he is looking at his watch.
Pocket watch and he is looking
worried as he looks up into what
looks like might be a clock up
on the.
he is walking along with his
suitcase, walking along, walking
along, and he is looking up into
the air where there is.
All around them, some sparkling
items like stars all around
them. It's not clear if this is
snow or what. This is hail
coming down.
he drops his hat. His hat gets
blown off by the wind, and he
picks it up off the ground and
puts it back on.
And he was looking at what looks
like a map.
That's on the ground.
He opens the book and he's
looking at this book and someone
comes up to him and is talking
with him.
And he writes something down and
he shows this.
what he is drawn to the man that
has come to talk with him, and
it's a bed. He has drawn a bed.
It looks like he's looking for a
place to stay that has a bed.
And the man that comes to talk
to him says, oh, I know where
there, where you can find that.
So he is taking him along. And
this man has a little creature
on his back in a basket and
they're walking along and our
man was following him.
Hopefully to find a bed to sleep in. #END_arrival_3
OK, good. Then we can move on
to the next one for this complex
scene.
#START_exhibit_12 Oh my
goodness. This is a great
portrait exhibition and there
are people all over the place.
It is crazy. Oh, it looks like
it's a museum that has portraits
and there are portraits all over
the walls, all sorts of
portraits. And some people are
actually holding portraits as
they go up and down the stairs.
It looks like a giant museum
that has.
Portraits all over the place and
people are hanging portraits,
people are.
Painting portraits.
People are drawing things on the
ground.
People are selling things.
People are making portraits.
There are artists all over the
place. Some are making things,
some are having portraits.
Put over their head.
And for some reason people are
running. People are.
Just.
Hanging portraits all over the
place.
It's not clear what exactly is
going on here. It's kind of
crazy. I've never seen so many
people in one place looking at
portraits. Of course there are
portraits hanging on the walls,
and there are portraits being
carried around everywhere. There
are portraits being made, their
portraits being.
Damaged there are portraits.
It's like they
have let too many people in this
into this museum and there is.
It's just complete chaos. I see
people sitting for portraits,
people running for away from
artists.
Ohh my gosh. I think that's all
I had to say about this. #END_exhibit_12 It's
just too crazy. This one's too
crazy for me. I'm sorry. That's
fine. Ohh my gosh.
Let's try this one, OK?
#START_being_a_pirate So this is
a scene on the ocean and it
looks like there are a number of
pirate ships all over the place.
There is one giant pirate ship
that has a number of sails that
are not curled right now, and
there's a smaller ship, and then
then there's a number of row
boats all over the place with
people all over them.
There is also an island and
there are people on the island.
And on each boat, people are
doing different things. In some
cases people are rowing. In some
cases people are jumping off. In
some cases the boat is actually
capsizing and they're trying to
swim away from the boat. The
large boat has people hanging
off of ropes and.
actually shooting cannons and
there are also birds flying in
the air and.
Let's see, there are.
people walking, uh, people all
together on.
Just all squeezed onto this boat
and they're fighting with
swords.
I see cannons. They're trying to
blow things up on this ship. I
also see some cannons just
throwing whatever they're
shooting is going straight into
the water and not hitting
anything.
there are a lot of.
People far in the background,
one is 1 one but has someone
walking the plank.
And there are a number of fish
that are down in the ocean
waiting for that person to go
off the plane so that they can
eat them. Looks like they're
sharks, and they're all ready to
go out there. There's a giant
octopus that is playing with
people in the water.
Yeah, it looks like there are
some men.
One is taking a bath. It looks
like he's in a bathtub floating
along on the water.
The people
on the island are looking at
treasure that they have found,
that they've dug up some buried
treasure. #END_being_a_pirate
OK. I think that's it for me
for this. OK. Thank you.
This will be the last one we do
the day.
#START_birthday_party_fun Ohh,
this one is birthday party fun.
Let's see, we've got all kinds
of things related to a birthday
party here. We have some people
playing in a little pool and
throwing water on each other and
using squirt guns to squirt
people. We have balloons,
presents. We have people
bringing more presents.
We have people playing tug of
war and they're dressed up in
outfits. It looks like they have
come in costume. They're dressed
up as pirates and Batman and
Indians and Vikings. We have a
table full of sweets and it
looks like there are cookies and
candy and cupcakes and a cake
and also some things like that
are probably better for us to
eat, like sandwiches and
lettuce. And it looks like
they're they have a pinata, so
they're getting ready to.
Play with the pinata. We have
some lanterns hanging in the
tree also, and we have a look.
Looks like a grandmother looking
over the fence to see what's
going on and it looks like a
cake is coming. It looks like
the person is. Let's see how
many years old, seven years old
the cake is coming with the
candle lit. Let's see, they're
playing Blind Man's Bluff and
they are also.
I mean, it's amazing how many
costumes there are. Yeah. In
this, this part. This is
definitely a costume birthday
party. They also, it looks like
they have.
a jumping house.
The people were jumping around
in and.
Somebody is dressed up like Red
Riding, little Red Riding Hood
and the wolf see them and it
almost looks like it's a
Halloween birthday party because
there's so many costumes.
There's someone dressed up like
a robot. There's an Angel,
there's a devil, there is a
Princess. Little Bow peep, a
shepherd.
There's a Penguin, there's a it
looks like there's a somebody
dressed up like a pony, a clown.
An alligator. A lion a zebra.
Many, many costumes have all
sorts of Penguins. The joker.
It looks
like a very fun party and I
think that's all for me on this
one. #END_birthday_party_fun
Alright.